Added README for django apps (#28663)
dimagi/commcare-hq: corehq/ex-submodules/README.rst

repository.

A lot of this is couch-related and therefore on its way out as we move more functionality to postgres, but a few of
these are actively used, especially casexml, pillowtop, soil, and toggle.

All of the pillow-y names were created as riffs on the "couch" in CouchDB.

auditcare
    A couch-based set of auditing tools. All page views in CommCare HQ are recorded in auditcare.
    This backs the User Audit Log report, which allows admins to view a given user's historical actions.
    Doing non-user-based queries is prohibitively slow.
casexml
    An application for working with `CaseXML <https://github.com/dimagi/commcare-core/wiki/casexml20>`_.
couchexport
    Tooling to export couch documents to other formats, particularly Excel. Used by areas of HQ that involve
    downloading couch-based models in bulk.
couchforms
    Puts XForms in CouchDB. Effectively deprecated, as the vast majority of forms have been migrated from couch to
    postgres.
dimagi
    Miscellaneous utilities.
fluff
    Related to ``pillow_top``, ``fluff`` allows you to define a set of computations to perform on all couch

>     documents of a particular type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    documents of a particular type for the purposes of reporting. Deprecated and only used by a small number of custom reports. Can be removed once no longer referenced.
```

phonelog
    This manages device logs, which are reports of mobile device activity that can be sent to HQ for analysis.
pillow_retry
    Related to ``pillow_top``, This manages a queue for retrying pillow errors.
pillowtop
    A framework for listening to changes, then transforming and processing them.
    Originally modeled after CouchDB's ``_changes`` feed.
soil
    An application to schedule long-running tasks and later retrieve their results. This is used for
    many of HQ's long-running tasks that result in a file download.
toggle

>     A CouchDB-backed app for controlling access to functionality on a user-specific or domain-specific basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A CouchDB-backed app for feature flags that control access to functionality on a user-specific or domain-specific basis.
```
